Below is the list of changes that we have made to our schema throughout the
development process.

1. The FIELD "league" in the TABLE "Team" has been extracted into a new TABLE
called "league". This was done for future extensibility of the project. Table
"Team" was changed in accordance to this, and now has a FOREIGN KEY "leagueID",
which refers to a specific FIELD "leagueID" in TABLE "league".

2. TABLE "League" has a foreign key that refers to FIELD "SportID" in TABLE
"Sport".

3. FIELD "name" in TABLE "Team" has been split into FIELD "teamName" and FIELD
"teamCity". This was done to allow for more specific queries, and to comply with
SQL requirements.

4. FIELD "name" in TABLE "Managers" has been split into FIELD "FName" and FIELD
"LName". This was again done to allow for more specific queries, and to comply
with SQL requirements.

5. FIELD "SportID" has been eliminated from TABLE "Match". This was because we
can find "SportID" through functional dependencies, thus making the inclusion of
this field redundant.

6. FIELD "hometeamID" and "awayteamID" in TABLE "Match" were split into a new
TABLE called "Plays", as per Ben's recommendation.

7. TABLE "Plays" has a PRIMARY KEY which consists of FOREIGN KEY "MatchID". This
table is a weak entity that is closely tied to TABLE "Match". It includes FIELD
"hometeamID" and "awayteamID". It will be useful in the future for setting up
seasonal play in sports that require it.

8. TABLE "Player" has been modified heavily. All fields relating to the player's
playing statistics have been split into new TABLE "stats". Thus, the only fields
remaining in player are those that will not change frequently during the season.

9. TABLE "stats" is closely tied to player. Its PRIMARY KEY is a combination of
FIELD "playerID" and "statsID". This table was given "statsID" because it would
allow for the addition of seasonal stats for players in the future. FIELD
"playerID" is a FOREIGN KEY refering to FIELD "playerID" in TABLE "Player".

10. Statistics in TABLE "stats" are slightly different from the original schema's
version. All stats/game fields have been changed into total stats. This was
because it is easy to calculate stats/game using arithmetic and the FIELD
"gamesPlayed". It was also necessary because the special queries require totals
for certain stats in their equations.
